# TrustedRelay

This is a daemon to relay ERC20 and ERC721 tokens between chains. This requires a trusted relayer to create (or unlock) tokens on the desired chain.


## Installation

If you would like to run this contract from this repo and run tests, you can get set up with:

```
npm install
truffle install tokens
```

## Usage

Before running the daemon, make sure you have your environment properly set up.

1. Run `truffle migrate` on your chosen networks. You will need a separate command for each network you want to watch. This will deploy a new relay contract on each chain and will document that address in `networks.json`. If you're running this manually (i.e. without `npm run parity`, which is explained below), you need to ensure you have a `--ws-port` specified on your web3 provider. Please add this to your `truffle.js` config as `wsProvider` (see example below). If you don't add one, the daemon will assume your `--ws-port` is your RPC port + 1 and will fail if it can't make a connection.
2. Once you're configured, run `npm start`. This will spawn a new listener for each network (i.e. key) specified in `networks.json` and begin listening for `Deposit` events via web3's pub/sub events. If a message needs to be relayed to another network, it will lookup that network in the listings and deliver the message to its relay contract.

You're now good to go!

## Configuration

Two important configuration files are *not* included with this repo.

## networks.json

*NOTE: All chains are identified by `chainId`, which can be found with `net.version` in your web3 console.*

Your `networks.json` file is used to identify all of your chains. It should reflect which chains you want to connect
via a relay. This will be generated by default when you run `npm run parity <port1> ... <portN>` (See: Testing Daemon with Parity PoA), but if you want to use this with existing chains, you will need to configure this yourself. It is of form:

```
{
  "networks": {
    "7545": {
      "name": "",
      "value": "0x8b45ec0180ee3a2504cf0b2d9696d3ff4ce0c12d",
      "gateway": "http://localhost:7545",
      "wsProvider": "ws://localhost:7546"
    }
  }
}
```

In the above example, I am running a chain which has id (from `net.version`) equal to `7545`. This is the index of the first value in the `networks` object. The name of the network is unspecified. The `value` is the contract address of the relay itself. The `gateway` is the host that runs this.

*NOTE: When running the daemon, it will automatically read from this file and look for the `wsGateway`. If you don't have one, it will replace your `gateway` with `ws` protocol and increment your port by 1.*

The `networks.json` file is automatically generated when you run `truffle migrate` on any given network.

## secrets.json

Your `secrets.json` must contain a `mnemonic` and a `hdPath`:

```
{
  "mnemonic": "public okay smoke segment forum front animal extra appear online before various cook test arrow",
  "hdPath": "m/44'/60'/0'/0/"
}
```

You can generate a new BIP39 mnemonic [here](https://coinomi.com/recovery-phrase-tool.html). Do not change `hdPath` unless you have a good reason to - changing it will brea the tests.

## Running Tests

In order to run the tests, you will need two local blockchains running. Assuming you already have Ganache running on port 7545, you can start a new testrpc instance on port 7546 with (note the raised gas limit):

```
testrpc -p 7546 -l 6000000 -m "public okay smoke segment forum front animal extra appear online before various cook test arrow"
```

*Note: the mnemonic (`-m`) must be the same as the one in your `secrets.json` file and it must also be the same one that seeded your Ganache chain (to change, click on the settings gear and go to accounts & keys).*

You will also need to have a chain called `development` pointed at port 7546 in `truffle.js`; this is included by default.

```
development: {
  name: "Dev",
  host: 'localhost',
  port: 7546,
  network_id: '*',
},
```

You can now run the tests with:

```
npm run test
```

## Testing Daemon with Parity PoA

*NOTE: I recommend upgrading to at least Parity v1.8.4*
*NOTE: Running this will delete your networks.json file and create a new one. Please back up this file!*

If you want to run the relayer daemon, you need to use Parity or Geth, as the daemon uses web3.js 1.0 event pub/sub and websocket listening is not allowed in TestRPC/Ganache. I have included a convenience script to boot one or more parity nodes locally given a series of ports. You can run it with:

```
npm run party <port1> <port2> ... <portN>
```

*NOTE: Ports must be 4+ integers apart!*

This will fork N child processes as parity proof-of-authority networks using your seed phrase in `secrets.json`. The data is in `scripts/poa/<port>`.

## Migrations

You can run a deployment of the Gateway contract (`TrustedRelay.sol`) with

```
truffle migrate
```

This can be done with any network, specified with the `--network` flag and configured in `truffle.js`. When you run this, it will update your `networks.json` file to include your new Gateway contract. This configuration can be used in the [front-end react app](https://github.com/alex-miller-0/trusted-relay-app).

## Generating test tokens

For convenience, you can create test tokens by calling:

```
npm run create-token <network> <name> <symbol> <decimals> <supply>
```

Where `<network>` is a key in your `networks.json` file. You should only run this script after you have migrated your files on a specified test network.

## (react app) Exporting config

If you wish to test this with the [front-end react app](https://github.com/alex-miller-0/trusted-relay-app), you can setup a config file to load. Choose your test networks (you need two) and run the following:

```
npm run gen-config <origin port> <destination port>
```
If you don't want to use localhost ports, you can replace either port in the above command with the full URL of your network.

*NOTE: If you reboot TestRPC, you will need to regenerate this file with `npm run gen-config`. TestRPC assigns a random network_id value, so if you are connected to trusted-relay-app, that will break!*

This will generate a file in your repo's root called `networks.json`, which will look like this:

```
{
  "networks": {
    "5777": {
      "name": "Origin",
      "value": "",
      "gateway": "http://localhost:7545"
    },
    "1512850781666": {
      "name": "Destination",
      "value": "",
      "gateway": "http://localhost:7546"
    }
  }
}
```

The `value`s correspond to a Gateway contract address, which serves as the chain identifier in the relay network. You can generate values for these automatically by running:

```
npm run test
```
